README.md, before:

ODE - Graphic Solver
==================

#Description

ODE Graphic-Solver is a program written in Java using Processing used for getting a numerical solution and graphing the phase space of an ODE system.

#What do I need to run it?

You simply need to install Processing (https://www.processing.org/), open ODE_GS.pde and click run.

#How can I run it?

In the Binaries folder, find your OS and download it.

#Status

Currently, the code is not useful since it only uses an Euler method for solving the system.

#Features

##What ODE-GS can do

- You can write in the code a 2D ODE system and it will graph the solutions when you click on a point.
- Uses the Euler's method for solving the system and set the speed and integration precission.
- Zoom in and out with "W" and "S".

##What ODE-GS can't do and probably will do

- Let the user input the ODE system.
- 2D camera.
- RK4 and more integration methods.
- Change the integration method.
- 3D systems.
- Let the user change the solving speed and acuracy.
- Lot of things more...

### Contact

e-mail: martin.sp.93@gmail.com

Commit message:

Readme Update
-Info about releases

README.md, after:

ODE - Graphic Solver
==================

#Description

ODE Graphic-Solver is a program written in Java using Processing used for getting a numerical solution and graphing the phase space of an ODE system.

#What do I need to run it?

You simply need to install Processing (https://www.processing.org/), open ODE_GS.pde and click run.

#How can I run it?

Go to "Releases" and pick the last versionand download it. On "binaries" unzip the version for your OS and run it. I recommend downloading it from Releases because the main branches probably won't have the latest binaries compiled.

Of course, you can compile those versions and run it freely.

#Status

Currently, the code is not useful since it only uses an Euler method for solving the system.

#Features

##What ODE-GS can do

- You can write in the code a 2D ODE system and it will graph the solutions when you click on a point.
- Uses the Euler's method for solving the system and set the speed and integration precission.
- Zoom in and out with "W" and "S".

##What ODE-GS can't do and probably will do

- Let the user input the ODE system.
- 2D camera.
- RK4 and more integration methods.
- Change the integration method.
- 3D systems.
- Let the user change the solving speed and acuracy.
- Lot of things more...

### Contact

e-mail: martin.sp.93@gmail.com
